
Item:
BR Baskin Robbins Mascot Key Chain
Manufacturer:
Sanrio Condition:
Brand new
Remark:
Size is approx.&nbsp;5.8×5.8×13.5cm
Check our other Sanrio items HERE
How We Ship:Item will be shipped from Japan via Air Mail shipping with shipping insurance. Shipping time is about 7 to 10 days (may take more depending on shipping conditions).
Shipping Cost:We ship to the following countries and shipping cost would be as follows,
Country
Shipping Cost(including shipping insurance)
&nbsp; U.S.A.&nbsp; Canada&nbsp; Australia&nbsp; New Zealand
&nbsp; U.K.&nbsp; France&nbsp; Germany&nbsp; Italy&nbsp; Spain&nbsp; Other EU
FREE SHIPPING
Item can also be shipped by EMS (Express Mail Service) with online tracking which will arrive in 3 to 5 days. Please inquire us for shipping by EMS.
Combine shipping:We do combine shipping. To combine shipping, please request us an invoice after your purchase (do not pay at this point) and we will send you an invoice from ebay with combined shipping cost (you can check additional shipping cost by clicking the "Shipping and payments" tab at the top of this page).
Since ebay does not automatically calculate combined shipping cost, please DO NOT proceed with payment until we send you an invoice.
Payment Method:Online payment via PayPal.
Customs duty:Import duties, taxes, and charges are not included in the item price or shipping cost. These charges are the buyer's responsibility. Please check with your country's customs office to determine what these additional costs will be prior to bidding or buying.
Refund Policy:We insure every shipment to prevent any damage to the items in transit. When your order arrives, please inspect the item for any damage that may have occurred during shipment. If you receive a damaged or incorrect item, we will exchange with the same item at no extra charge. In such cases, we must receive a report from you via e-mail within 1 week from the delivery date.
Please don't hesitate to contact us should you have any questions.　
