
Description
Country of origin: China
Brand: Seiwa (SEIWA)
◆ adsorbed quite right a smartphone with a sticky gel. ◆ also dirty adhesive gel, adhesive force will return only by a lightly wash. ◆ vertical placement OK! ◆ by bending the angle adjustment stay free, so do not hide the screen mounting possible ◆ smartphone such as the car's dashboard, also you can comfortable operation of the touch panel. / ■ Specifications ■ Body dimensions: length 90 × 150 × horizontal thickness 2mm /
Payment
We only accept PayPal payments.
Please pay within 5 days after auction is finished.
Shipping
Free Shipping Worldwide!!
Shipping Duration Shipping
Method
Asia
North America
Central America
Middle East
AU, NZ
Europe
Russia
South America
Africa
Non-Registerd Small Parcel SAL
2 - 3 weeks
2 - 3 weeks
3 - 7 weeks
3 - 7 weeks
As for that in which the prices of goods exceed 100 USD, I attach a tracking number. [To buyers from South America, Russia and Africa:]Your country is very far from Japan and it takes long till the item reaches you.
From my experience it could take 3 to 7 weeks.
Therefore I highly recommend that you add tracking number.
That way you can track your parcel and there is no need to worry about parcel not arriving for a long time.
The fee to attach a tracking number is only $ 4. If you understand this fact and wish to attach a tracking number, please contact me. I will send you an additional invoice . You can track your item here.Shipping only PayPal registered address.
If you prefer faster shipping please contact us.
We can ship with Airmail: 8-12 days or EMS: 4-8 days.
Please contact us, when there is a question :)
Terms of Sale
Money back guarantee within 14 days if returned by customer.
About Us
Always, we are the careful packing.
Our items are all 100% authentic.
Thank you for visiting my store!
International Buyers - Please Note:
Import duties, taxes and charges are not included in the item price or shipping charges. These charges are the buyer's responsibility.
Please check with your country's customs office to determine what these additional costs will be prior to bidding/buying.
These charges are normally collected by the delivering freight (shipping) company or when you pick the item up - do not confuse them for additional shipping charges.
