THIS YEAR AS SOMETHING I WOULD LIKE DO- IS TO INCLUDE A QUICK HAND DRAWN PICTURE WITH
EVERY PURCHASE ON A 4"X6" INDEX CARD. BUT I WILL ONLY INCLUDE ONE IF REQUESTED IN A NOTE OR MESSAGE. I WILL ATTEMPT TO DRAW ANYTHING FOR YOU.
CONSIDER IT A GIFT FROM ME :)If you have any questions please feel free to contact me at anytimePayment Information- Payment accepted via PayPal payment, and payment is expected up to 3 days after listing/auction ends.Return Policy&nbsp;- I Take a lot of pride in what I do, So if you have any questions or concerns, please feel free to contact me first.&nbsp;- I offer full refunds or exchange for defective items.- Customer must contact me via ebay messaging within 14 days after item is received.- Item(s) must be returned in its original packaging and must not be damaged by accident.&nbsp;- Buyer is responsible for all return shipping and handling fee (except if the wrong item was received).- Restocking Fee of 20% from original price will be charged for any item(s) not found to be defective.Order&nbsp;Revisions&nbsp;and Cancellations-
Order cancellations or any changes to order (i.e. shipping address) are
welcome up to 30 minutes after you place your order. After 30 minutes, all purchase information are automatically sent to warehouse and processed for shipping. Orders cannot be cancelled or revised at that point.&nbsp;-&nbsp;Please double check your order&nbsp;and make sure all information including shipping address is&nbsp;accurate. I'm not responsible for any costs associated for wrong order or inaccurate shipping information.&nbsp;- Returns are accepted - please see return policy sectionCustomer Service Hours- I am here to make your experience as a buyer as simple as possible.&nbsp;- I'm flexible and available 7 days a week for any questions you may have.&nbsp;-
Please message me through eBay messaging. If you need more photos please allow me 12- hours to take more photos per your request.-&nbsp;Your
100% satisfaction and positive feedback is my goal.&nbsp;If you experience any issues with your product or shipping, please contact me. I will work
as hard and as fast as we can to resolve the issue for you.&nbsp;-SpacemanCheck out my&nbsp;other items!Be sure to add me to your&nbsp;favorites list!