&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 3pcs/sets New Japan Cartoon Hello kitty Stainless Steel Tableware Children GiftPatterns may be slightly different
Check out my other items!Be sure to add me to your favorites list!
1,We accept PayPal ONLY.2,We
will only follow your address listed at the PayPal payment for the shipment.please make sure it is correct.Payment MUST BE MADE within 7 days afterthe end of the auction;otherwise an unpaid item will be report
to eBay.Normally
delivery time is about 15-25 working days. To get the shipping discount
and invoice, Just simply wait until all of the auctions have ended, and
complete the checkout from the most recent Email or any auction page after you finish bidding.If
you are the final winner of this item, please pay for it within 2 days.
However, if you are still bidding on our other auctions and want to ask
us to combine shipping for you, just disregard the payment notice sent by Paypal and let us know when you are going to check out, then we'll send a combined invoice to you, thanks.2.If
there is any problem when you receive your parcel, please contact us without hesitate in 3 days. If you are not 100% satisfied with your purchase, simply return the unworn item within 30 days of the item(s) ship date and we will gladly exchange, replace, or refund it inclusive of delivery charges.We
are happy to exchange positive feedbacks. Please leave us all positive feedbacks and all "5 Star" ratings, we will do the same to you. Please do not leave us any negative or neutral feedbacks before contacting us to solve the problem. It won't help you solve the problem any faster by leaving negative feedbacks, only by contacting our professional customer
suppport can help you solve the problems.If
you have any questions, concerns, welcome to email us. We will respond within 24-48 hours, in most cases sooner. We work 5 and 1/2 days a weeks. If you haven't heard from us in the allotted time, please make sure to check your spam folderIf
use eBay's "Ask seller a question" link or "My Messages", please do not
hide your email address when sending messages. If we do not have your email address, it's hard to respond.
