
Home
Payment
Shipping
Contact Us
Shipping Discount
Return Policy
Store search
Store category
You may also like
New Cute Hello Kitty Transforming Pillow Soft Plush Stuffed Cushion 17.7" Doll
Product Description
Hello Kitty is depicted as an anthropomorphic white Japanese Bobtail cat with a pink bow.- Condition: Brand-new, Never used.- Size: About 45 &#215; 38cm- Main Color: Pink, White- Material: Item made of High Quality Soft plush in Perfect Condition.- Item Specifics: Hello Kitty has pink body and a pink bow. The plush doll Hello Kitty can transforming nap sleep car pillow. It is very lovely, as shown in the figure.This is great for children and collectors. Collect it now!Package included: 1 &#215; Hello Kitty Plush Cushion Pillow Doll as picture shown. Payment
Shipping
Contact Us
Shipping Discount
Return Policy
Payment
We accept PayPal only.
Please make your payment within 7 days after the placement of order(s).
Those non-pay cases would be handed over to eBay automatically.&nbsp;
Shipping
We ship Worldwide!
We only ship items to confirmed PayPal address. Please check out your address before purchase.
Item will ship out within 1 business day after the payment cleared and confirmed.
Please allow 12 to 16 business days to&nbsp; receive your order(s). The time of arrival varies for different countries which depending on local postal services and holidays.&nbsp;Free UPGRADE tracking post will be offered to all buyers who purchased over $28USD.
We are not responsible for any import duties, customs fees or taxes.&nbsp;
Contact Us
We would greatly appreciate your positive feedback and all five stars DSR rating if you are satisfied with our item and service.
Please contact us with any questions through eBay messages. We would look into it asap within business days.
&nbsp;
Our office hour: Monday to Friday, 9 am to 6 pm (Hong Kong Time)
Off hour: Weekends and public holidays &nbsp;
Please sincerely consider not to leave us any neutral, negative or low DSRs before contacting us. We would try our best to solve any issues. Thanks in advance for your understanding.
Shipping Discount
The final amount is calculated according to the item price displayed and postage selected.
We are pleased to provide 10% shipping discount for all multiple transactions before payment completed.
10% Shipping discount are available to&nbsp; combined invoices only. Please let the invoice open and wait for the combined invoice if you would like to take this offer.
Free shipping items are not entitled to further shipping discount.
Return Policy
We would gladly accept the return of new, unused and undamaged item within 30 days from delivery date.
The returned item must be in its original condition with all the accessories accompanied.
Full refund or new replacement would be sent once we received the total original item.
For the return procedure, please text us before returning item and get the RMA #. Any postage incurred would be at the buyer's expenses.
PushAuction www.pushauction.com eBay store design, eBay shop design, eBay template design, eBay listing design
This listing is currently undergoing maintenance, we apologise for any inconvenience caused.
