
Vintage Men Women Hard Felt Hat Wide Brim Fedora Trilby Panama Hat Gangster Cap Felt Wide Brim Fedora Hat
New ,Hard Felt, Wide Brim StyleFashion and unique designMakes you more attractive, charming, fashion and chicIts a good gift for your lover, family, friend and coworkersMaterial:feltColor: black,coffee and grayhead circumference: 58 cm (7 1/4)
Package including:&nbsp;1 x hatPlease check the size carefully before you buy it!&nbsp;
Note:
Due to the difference between different monitors, the picture may not reflect the actual color of the item. We guarantee the style is the same as shown in the pictures. Thank you! &nbsp;Sometimes ,the ribbon band is in random color,hope you understand! Thanks!
Payment
We accept PayPal only.All major credit cards are accepted through our secure payment processor PayPal.Payment must be received within 7 days of auction closing.If you have bought multiple items from me, you can send me one payment for all the items instead of paying for them individually. When you click the Pay Now button, eBay will automatically determine if there are other items you have won or purchased from me and will combine them for your review. Delivery details
1. WORLDWIDE SHIPPING. (Except Russian Federation, Hong Kong, China, Taiwan, Macau)2. Orders processed within 24-48 hours of payment verification.3. We only ship to confirmed PAYPAL addresses. Your PAYPAL address MUST MATCH your Shipping address.4. The images shown are not the actual item and are for your reference only.5. SERVICE TRANSIT TIME is provided by the carrier and excludes weekends and holidays. Transit times may vary, particularly during the holiday season.6. If you have not received your shipment within 30 days from payment, please contact us. We will track the shipment and get back to you as soon as possible with a reply. Our goal is customer satisfaction!7. Due to stock status and time differences, we will choose to ship your item from our first available warehouse for fast delivery.8. Delivery Time: (Other countries or remote areas may take longer.) Return Policy
Return is accepted within 30 days after the buyer's receiving the item.If this item is defective upon receipt, customer has up to 30 days from date of receipt for exchange of a new one.If you are not completely satisfied with your purchase, you may return it to us for a prompt exchange or we will refund your payment.Unused/unopened merchandise will be fully credited.Please note that all purchases must be returned within 30 days of purchase. NO return or exchange will be accepted after 30 days from the date of purchase.Include your name, address, item, daytime telephone, how you paid, and if you are requesting a refund or exchange.After getting the returned item, we will refund the customer at the item's price ( including the shipping costs ).
After-sales Service
&nbsp;&nbsp;
Contact us
If you have any questions, please feel free to email our service specialists 24 Hours a Day, 7 Days a Week, and we will reply you ASAP. If no response within 24 Hours, please check the spam of mail box or kindly re-send it to us.We greatly appreciate your POSITIVE feedback. Please do NOT leave negative or neutral feedback without any contact. If you haven&#8217;t received item in 30 days, please contact us and we will arrange refund.
On Sep-10-15 at 02:12:10 PDT, seller added the following information: