 LE® 10W LED Low Bay Lights for Supermarket, CRI>85, 60W Incandescent Bulbs Equivalent, 700lm, 90° Beam, Neutral/ daylight White, 4500K, Pendant Lights, Supermarket Lighting for Fruit, Vegetables 85, 60W Incandescent Bulbs Equivalent, 700lm, 90° Beam, Neutral/ daylight White, 4500K, Pendant Lights, Supermarket Lighting for Fruit, Vegetables" style="object-fit:contain"> 85, 60W Incandescent Bulbs Equivalent, 700lm, 90° Beam, Neutral/ daylight White, 4500K, Pendant Lights, Supermarket Lighting for Fruit, Vegetables" style="object-fit:contain"> 85, 60W Incandescent Bulbs Equivalent, 700lm, 90° Beam, Neutral/ daylight White, 4500K, Pendant Lights, Supermarket Lighting for Fruit, Vegetables" style="object-fit:contain"> CLICK TO ENLARGE LE® 10W LED Low Bay Lights for Supermarket, CRI>85, 60W Incandescent Bulbs Equivalent, 700lm, 90° Beam, Neutral/ daylight White, 4500K, Pendant Lights, Supermarket Lighting for Fruit, Vegetables DESCRIPTION This is a brand new: LE® 10W LED Low Bay Lights for Supermarket, CRI>85, 60W Incandescent Bulbs Equivalent, 700lm, 90° Beam, Neutral/ daylight White, 4500K, Pendant Lights, Supermarket Lighting for Fruit, Vegetables Revenue enhancement for selling fresh flood, fruit and vegetable. Fresh flood, fruit and vegetable are the main attraction in any supermarket or store. The fresher, it looks more appealing and sell more. Lighting EVER high CRI LED pendant lights make them look fresher and appealing to increase revenue. Save electricity bill. Replace 60W incandescent bulb by 10W LED. Save 83% on electricity bill of lighting. Maintenance Free. Extremely long life reduces re-lamp frequency. Save labor cost to replace bulbs with short lifespan. Help food, fruit and vegetable keep fresh. Low heat LED does not make lots of heat. Eco-Friendly. No lead or mercury. Good for food, fruit and vegetable. High End Aluminium Housing. Scratch and fade resistant. Excellent appearance. Beautiful shape design. Waterproof. IP65. Solid State. Shockproof and vibration proof About LE Lighting EVER, abbreviated LE, focus on LED lighting with better lighting experience. We are passionate about excellence so that with every LE brand purchase, you can expect to find better lighting experience, affordable prices, and great customer service. - Revenue enhancement for selling fresh flood, fruit and vegetable. Fresh flood, fruit and vegetable are the main attraction in any supermarket or store. The fresher, it looks more appealing and sell more. Lighting EVER high CRI LED pendant lights make them look fresher and appealing to increase revenue.- Save electricity bill. Replace 60W incandescent bulb by 10W LED. Save 83% on electricity bill of lighting.- Maintenance Free. Extremely long life reduces re-lamp frequency. Save labor cost to replace bulbs with short lifespan.- Help flood, fruit and vegetable keep fresh. Low heat LED does not make lots of heat.- Eco-Friendly. No lead or mercury. Good for flood, fruit and vegetable. This spec. is only relevant for this item: LE® 10W LED Low Bay Lights for Supermarket, CRI>85, 60W Incandescent Bulbs Equivalent, 700lm, 90° Beam, Neutral/ daylight White, 4500K, Pendant Lights, Supermarket Lighting for Fruit, Vegetables ShippingReturn Payment Feedback Contact Us Domestic Shipping: All Domestic packages are shipped Ground Shipping For Free (Unless other shipping method was selected on the order) - We are now shipping to worldwide addresses, the item is sent to a logistic center in KY and shipped from there to the rest of the world - International customers are responsible for all duties and taxes - Contact your local authority for questions related to the amount of duties or taxes you will be responsible for - We ship within two business days of payment, usually sooner - Standard FREE shipping takes between 3-5 business days - We use a selection of shipping services such as UPS, FedEx, USPS etc. - Expedited shipping takes between 2-3 business days - Overnight shipping takes between 1-2 business days (Ships within 12 hours of payment) - We do not accept P.O. BOXES -PLEASE PROVIDE A PHYSICAL ADDRESS - Shipping this item:&nbsp;LE® 10W LED Low Bay Lights for Supermarket, CRI>85, 60W Incandescent Bulbs Equivalent, 700lm, 90° Beam, Neutral/ daylight White, 4500K, Pendant Lights, Supermarket Lighting for Fruit, Vegetables - We accept returns within 30 days from the date we received the purchase. - Please contact us for a Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) number - We advise you to use a reputable carrier service when returning your goods. Please pack all returns appropriately. PayPal is our preferred method of payments it's the quickest, easiest and most secure way to pay for your goods or services online. PayPal offers buyer and seller protection should there be a problem. If you do not have a PayPal account, to get started and buy your first item with us is very easy. Simply click on the 'Buy It Now' button and follow the eBay checkout steps. Select PayPal as the payment method you then will be given the chance to enter your card details in to PayPal's secure checkout in order to pay for your order. Once the payment has been made, you will then be given the opportunity to make your own PayPal account to make paying for your items in the future very easy. Should there be a problem with payment please do let us know. Customer satisfaction is very important to us. If you have any problem with your order,please contact us and we will do our best to make you satisfied, please do not leave a negative feedback before we resolve your problem.We guarantee that your issue will be solved quickly.As long as you are happy with your purchase of LE® 10W LED Low Bay Lights for Supermarket, CRI>85, 60W Incandescent Bulbs Equivalent, 700lm, 90° Beam, Neutral/ daylight White, 4500K, Pendant Lights, Supermarket Lighting for Fruit, Vegetables, please leave us a positive feedback.Your feedback is very important to us it affects our search placement on eBay. We will leave a positive feedback for you in return automatically once we receive your feedback. If you have any queries, please contact us via ebay. We usually respond within 24 hours on weekdays. Thank you for visiting our ebay store!Feel free to browse our store categories to find more interesting products... 