LE® 10W LED Low Bay Lights for Supermarket, CRI>85, 60W Incandescent Bulbs Equivalent, 700lm, 90° Beam, Neutral/ daylight White, 4500K, Pendant Lights, Supermarket Lighting for Fruit, Vegetables&nbsp;Item DescriptionRevenue enhancement for selling fresh flood, fruit and vegetable. Fresh flood, fruit and vegetable are the main attraction in any supermarket or store. The fresher, it looks more appealing and sell more. Lighting EVER high CRI LED pendant lights make them look fresher and appealing to increase revenue. Save electricity bill. Replace 60W incandescent bulb by 10W LED. Save 83% on electricity bill of lighting. Maintenance Free. Extremely long life reduces re-lamp frequency. Save labor cost to replace bulbs with short lifespan. Help food, fruit and vegetable keep fresh. Low heat LED does not make lots of heat. Eco-Friendly. No lead or mercury. Good for food, fruit and vegetable. High End Aluminium Housing. Scratch and fade resistant. Excellent appearance. Beautiful shape design. Waterproof. IP65. Solid State. Shockproof and vibration proof About LE Lighting EVER, abbreviated LE, focus on LED lighting with better lighting experience. We are passionate about excellence so that with every LE brand purchase, you can expect to find better lighting experience, affordable prices, and great customer service.FeaturesRevenue enhancement for selling fresh flood, fruit and vegetable. Fresh flood, fruit and vegetable are the main attraction in any supermarket or store. The fresher, it looks more appealing and sell more. Lighting EVER high CRI LED pendant lights make them look fresher and appealing to increase revenue.Save electricity bill. Replace 60W incandescent bulb by 10W LED. Save 83% on electricity bill of lighting.Maintenance Free. Extremely long life reduces re-lamp frequency. Save labor cost to replace bulbs with short lifespan.Help flood, fruit and vegetable keep fresh. Low heat LED does not make lots of heat.Eco-Friendly. No lead or mercury. Good for flood, fruit and vegetable.Additional Information Manufacturer: Lighting EVER Shipping Weight: 159 Product Dimensions: width: 8.35length: 8.43depth: 5.04 Shipping Details Depending on your location and on package weight, items will be shipped by USPS, UPS, FedEx, DHL, or other carriers as necessary. All stock is at our USA warehouses. Most orders ship within 24 hours of processing your payment unless stated differently. Check our feedback to see how our customers love the FAST shipping we offer! Shipping is always free!30 Days Return &amp; Refund Policy We provide a 30 days return/exchange policy for our products. The buyer can choose between a refund or an exchange to his/her product. In case of defectives found, only factory defects are accepted as the reason of return. The package of the returned item(s) must be completely intact, and all accessory(s) inside the package must be original and in perfect condition. We do not cover the postage costs for returned defective items. Items returned must be received within 30 days from purchase. No refund or replacement is issued after this period of time. Please allow up to 7 working days for your return to be processed after it is received by us.We are extremely fair, and in the rare event of something out of the ordinary happening, we will gladly work with you to find a solution.Our GuaranteeYour satisfaction is guaranteed! We offer a 100% Satisfaction Guarantee on all sales. If you are not happy with your purchase for any reason, please contact us within seven days of receipt of your item, or email us to share your concerns. As mentioned before we are extremely fair and will happily work with you to find a solution to any problem. As you can tell from our feedback, pretty much every single one of our customers is a happy one. So in the rare case something does go wrong, before leaving a negative feedback, contact us so we can help you and make things right!About UsWe sell on eBay since 2004 and welcome to our WIzard Of Deals store! We are based in the USA and ship from our own warehouse.Our products are a 100% authentic and all brand new. We work with the biggest suppliers in the US to bring you the best quality items you can get!We guarantee to provide the best service you have ever seen before!Please see our other items Automotive Baby Camera & Photo Clothing Electronics Health & Personal Care Home & Kitchen Home Improvement Kitchen & Dining Office Products Shoes Sports & Outdoors Toys & Games&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; Feedback &nbsp; &nbsp; Profile &nbsp; &nbsp; Other Auctions 