 &nbsp; NEW ACER ASPIRE 3100 5100 5110 UPPER CASE LXABxxxx
&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
Sale includes 12 lights!!!Your garden or pathway will look great with this Low-Voltage LED Multi-colored Flower Light 12-Pack. The LED lights will create an ever-changing color scene wherever they are installed. These multi-colored LED lights can be controlled with the included remote. The&nbsp;frosted glass flower top has a nice look and is supported with the&nbsp;stake base which is powder coated bronze finish. This light is approved for use in wet locations and is compatible with 12-Volt lighting systems. &nbsp;• Stake mount• Powder coated bronze finish• Adjustable stake height• Includes 24 in. of lead wire• Multi-color changing LED (7 colors)• Full function remote• For use with 12-volt lighting systems• Cable and 12-volt adapter plug included• Approved for use in wet locations• Non rust unit&nbsp;• 5 Lumens• .07 watts• LED technology• Assembled Dimensions (H) - 22.1 in. (W) - 5.9 in
&nbsp; &nbsp;
&nbsp; &nbsp;
&nbsp; &nbsp;
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;
Payment
We accept Paypal and Cashier's Check. We prefer Paypal. If your payment has not been received within 10 days of purchase, we will file an unpaid item dispute with Ebay. Please mark your payment as sent if paying with a Cashier's Check. If you are purchasing multiple items, please contact us for shipping discounts.
&nbsp;
Shipping
It is extremely important to us that you receive your item in as little time as possible. Most products will ship the same day or within one business day of your cleared payment. We ship Monday thru Friday. This item will be shipped using USPS Priority MAIL. All products must be shipped. Pick-ups are not allowed. Shipping charges are for the continental U.S. only. Shipping to Alaska and Hawaii will have additional charges.
&nbsp;
Warranty
We offer a 30 day warranty on all items unless otherwise stated in the listing. Bidder must notify us within 30 days of receipt of item. Most of the refurbished and used products that we sell have been tested. If you need to return a product, ship it back and include the EBay item number. Shipping charges are not refunded for any reason. If you do not agree please do not bid. We will test the product once we receive it. If the product tests good you have two options: Pay the shipping to have the product sent back to you. Receive a refund equal to the sales price minus a 20% restocking fee and our shipping cost. If the product is determined to be defective after testing you can: Have a replacement shipped to you at no additional cost. Receive a full refund. We are not responsible for compatibility issues.
Thank you for shopping with Advantech Solutions!
