LED Light, High Bay, Low Bay, Office retrofit, Garage, Security,
Commercial, Industrial and Plant Model Number 120-120-5K-NHUp for sale is
an LED light that is sure to Light up your life and your particular areas.&nbsp; LED or Light Emitting Diodes are diodes (electronic
components that let electricity pass in only one direction) that emit visible
light when electricity is applied, much like an intense light bulb.&nbsp; When these diodes are set side by side they
can create a light that is hard to beat for the cost of operation.&nbsp; &nbsp;Just some advantages to our LEDsLow Energy consumption-approximately
5.3 cents per 10 hrs. of operationLong Service Life-many last up to
50,000 hrs.Durable-resists vibrational,
thermal, and continuous cyclingDirectional distribution of
light-great for task lightingNo infrared or ultraviolet
radiationNo frequency interferenceMay be split into three units to
spread the light area (must be wired back to their common control as per local
ordinances)Cuts your electrical demand
chargeEasy InstallationsSafety and environmentally
conscious&nbsp;&nbsp;Model Number: 120-120-5K
Power: 120W
Voltage: 100-240V AC
View Angle: 120 Degrees
Color Temperature: 5000-5500K (100W incandescent bulb is 2850K)
Luminaire IP Range:&nbsp;&nbsp; IP65
LED Maintain Flux: 13,200lm (Ta=25º C)(Ta=77ºF)
Fixture Material: Aluminum and PC (Lens)
Length, Width, Height (18.5” (471.4mm) X 12.6” (320.0mm) X 3.5” (88.9mm) )
Weight: 18.0Stock Photo (Trying to update photos)Warranty: 1 Year, Please read policy below.Shipping cost: Based on location from 50659&nbsp;If you have questions or need more information, please do
not hesitate to contact Keith at 641-394-5955 When making your
call, please inform the secretary of the regards of the call.&nbsp;Payment within five days of closing or item will be
relisted; we reserve the right to remove listing, as item will be advertised
locally.&nbsp;&nbsp;Lighting Return and Warranty
Precision
Lighting warrants to the original purchaser that any parts purchased shall be
free from defects in material and workmanship from the date of purchase for the
corresponding time period outlined below. Please read these return, warranty
and conditions (the "Agreement") carefully prior to opening,
installing and/or purchase of any Precision Lighting product (the
"Product"). By opening the package, installing and/or using the
Product you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions.This warranty shall not apply to any unit which has
been improperly stored or installed; subjected to misapplication, improper
operating conditions, involved in accidents, subjected to neglect; or which has
been improperly repaired or altered or otherwise mistreated or improperly
maintained by the owner or his agent(s). Labor costs incurred by the removal
and replacement of a Precision Lighting product, while performing warranty
work, will be the responsibility of the owner. In no case does the obligation
of Precision Lighting exceed the original purchase price of the Product as
indicated on the original bill of sale. This 1 Year Warranty is
non-transferable and coverage applies for the Precision Lighting product
installed for the original purchaser of those Products.&nbsp;PRODUCT RETURNED FOR
WARRANTY
shall only apply to any unit which has been returned within 1 Year of purchase
and must be accompanied by the order confirmation number and a Return Material
Authorization (RMA) number obtained in advance from Keith at Precision Lighting
at 641-394-5955. Precision Lighting will be the final authority on all warranty
decisions.&nbsp; &nbsp;PRODUCT
RETURN POLICY shall only apply to any unit which has been returned within 14 days of
purchase and in its original state. This return is VOID for any product(s)
which are returned after the 14 day period, have been installed, and altered in
any way.&nbsp;&nbsp; If item cannot be
exchanged, a refund of the original purchase price will be issued. The original, actual
shipping charges are non-refundable. Buyer is
responsible for return shipping. Items
must include all original packaging.Before
returning any item please contact us for specific shipping instructions. All returns must be approved by an order
confirmation number and issued a Return Material Authorization (RMA) number obtained in advance from Keith at Precision
Lighting at 641-394-595.&nbsp; Precision Lighting
will be the final authority on all return decisions. The RMA # must be written on the outside
of each package in a visible area. All returns will be mailed back to our
returns department and a restocking fee of 15% shall apply. The return address
will be given when RMA is issued or an Authorized Return Service (ARS) Tag can
be e-mailed/faxed to you on request of return. Lack of RMA number will delay
refunds. Once items have been received with an RMA number &amp; inspected, a
credit will be issued to the customer.&nbsp;
Interpretation of the Warrantee and or Return policy is by Precision
Lighting only.You have 45 days from
the date of the transaction to open a dispute in the Resolution Center.&nbsp;&nbsp;
&nbsp;