HOMEABOUT USFEEDBACKNEWSLETTERSStore CategoryArts Crafts & SewingBabyBeautyCamera & PhotoElectronicsHome & KitchenHome ImprovementKitchen & DiningOffice ProductsToysStore Newsletter!Add my Shop to your Favourites and receive my email newsletters about new items and special promotions!General Interest&nbsp;&nbsp;60 Watt Low Canopy LED Low Bay Light with Glare Shield - Low Bay Fixture&nbsp;Description60 Watt Low Canopy LED Low Bay Light with Glare Shield - Low Bay Fixture . The GAU-LB-600E LED 60 Watt Low Canopy Light offers high light output from a compact form factor and is designed to provide a more durable and longer lived alternative to 500 watt quartz halogen units. This 60 watt LED light produces a far superior beam spread without the high heat, fragile construction, or high energy costs of incandescent lighting. The GAU-LB-600E LED low canopy light from Larson Electronics is a low profile, low heat lighting option that produces 5400 lumens of light while drawing only 0.5 amps at 120 VAC. The lights are assembled on a light board and consist of a total of forty-five CREE LEDs paired with high purity specular optics to produce a wide light distribution that overpowers 500 watt quartz flood lights. The GAU-LB-600E is unique in that the LED lights are not assembled on a flat board, like traditional LED low canopy lights. The LED lights in this unit are divided into three separate light boards; a center light that shines straight forward and two 45° light boards on either side, creating the most optimal beam spread possible for low canopy lights. This low canopy, low bay LED light fixture is perfect for a number of applications, such as in parking lots, malls, and hallways, to light canopies and awnings, and even for parking lot lighting. The GAU-LB-600E consists of forty-five LEDs housed in a powder coated, IP68 waterproof aluminum 9" x 6.5" housing unit. This unit sufficiently dissipates generated heat with an internal heat sink, which helps account for the low utility bills and the estimated 50,000 hours of light associated with LEDs. The LED lamp assembly is protected by a shatterproof polycarbonate lens which is secured to the housing with a waterproof seal. The mounting hardware for the GAU-LB-600E consists of a stainless steel coated bracket and stainless steel screws to provide secure mounting and resistance to rust and corrosion.FEATURES60 watt LED light produces 5,400 lumens of light while drawing only 0.5 amps at 120V AC.Solid state design of the LED provides 50,000 hours of operation.Powder coated aluminum 9 inch by 6.5 inch housing is IP68 rated waterproof.Mounting assembly provides for 360 degree rotation and 180 degrees tilt.Light is designed to operate with voltages ranging from 110 VAC to 277 VAC 50/60 hz.SPECIFICATIONS Manufacturer: Larson Electronics LLC Shipping Weight: 690 Product Dimensions: width: 7.40length: 9.10depth: 5.30 SHIPPING TERMSDepending on your location and on package weight, items will be shipped by FedEx USPS or UPS.We usually ship within 24 hours of processing the payment. We are extremely fast.The free shipping is for 3-5 business days, for 2-day shipping you will need to add $0.99, and for overnight service you will need to add $16.95.Please note that there is also an extra 2 day handling time (or less), so even if you choose overnight, the delivery time could be up to 3 days RETURN & REFUND POLICYItems returned must be received within 30 days from purchase. No refund or replacement is issued after this period of time.You can choose between returning for a refund or for an exchange of the item.The package of the returned items must be completely intact, all the accessory’s inside the package must be original and in perfect condition in order to receive a full refund.It takes up to 7 working days for the return to be processed after it is received by us.YOUR SATISFACTIONWe love our buyers and we want them to shop with us again, so even in the rare event of something out of the ordinary is happening, we will make the best we can to find a solution.We offer a 100% Satisfaction Guarantee on all sales. If you are not happy with your purchase for any reason, please contact us within seven days of receipt of your item, or email us to share your concerns. As mentioned before we are extremely fair and will happily work with you to find a solution to any problem.As you can tell from our feedback, pretty much every single one of our customers is a happy one. So in the rare case something does go wrong, before leaving a negative feedback, contact us so we can help you and make things right!All of Our products are a 100% authentic and all brand new ABOUT USWe sell on eBay since 2010. We are based in the USA and ship from our own warehouses.We work with the biggest suppliers in the US to bring you the best quality items you can get and we do it FAST.Why ask us? You can check our feedbacks they speak for themselves. Try Us You Won’t Regret&nbsp;janes online shop