
autos1023
&nbsp;
Store Categories
XYD-Car High Power Light XYD-Car High Power HeadLight XYD-Car High Power COB Light XYD-Car High Power Work Light XYD-Car T10 Socket Light XYD-Car Eagle Eye Light XYD-Car Daytime Running Light XYD-Car 5630 / 5730 Light XYD-Car Accessories Light XYD-Car Window Tint Film XYD-Car Accessories Products XYD-Motorcycle Projector Lens XYD-Auto HID Xenon Lens Payment info &nbsp;
&nbsp;
Products Photo Show
Description
Features: 1: 2 LED on the head and 8 LED around giving off 360 degrees beam 2: Low power consumption
3:Long service life, up to 50,000 hours 4:Constant currency LED driver transfer with overload protection, short circuit protection and over temperature protection 5:Aluminum alloy housing can + virtually unbreakable PMMA Lens, while the aluminum alloy shell acts as radiant heat sink 6: For Replacement of Car Reverse Light / Back-Up Lamp / Brake Bulbs / Turn Signal Light / Car Rear Tail Lamp.etc &nbsp;
Specification:
1: Socket Type: 1157 BAY15D 2: Color: White
3: Working Voltage : 12-24V 4: Power : 50W 5: LED Quantity: 10Pcs 5W Cree Osram LED 6: Lumen: 750LM 7: Casig Material: Aluminum alloy 8: Life Span: 50000H Note : Due to the difference between different monitors,the picture may not reflect the actual color of the item,Thank you Note: For some Vehicles like Audi BMW,etc which have on board computer(OBC),you might need to add load resistors (one resistor to one led bulb) in order to avoid the error messages showing up on dashboard or bulb malfunction problem(we dont offer this kinds of load resistors)
&nbsp;
Package:
2pcs (1Pair) &nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
Shipping Payment
Returns
Feedback
1:Generally, Our sale area is world wide, But if our some item have the restriction about sale area, please give us your e-mail quickly, then we will help you for your requirement soon.
2：We will surely ship within 2-3 days after receipt of your payment, Mondays thru Fridays except Holidays.
3：Please be aware of custom fees in your country, any import charge or fee is buyer's responsibility.
4:Normally we do not offer any combined shipping discount at this stage. If you want to purchase multi-items and want a discount, please write to us first regarding the total price.
5：Standard Int'l Flat Rate Shipping Service(Registered China Airmail) If you buy our item with International Parcels Shipping, Usually it takes 10~20 business days and have real time tracking number.
1: PayPal is the only payment method we allow at this time.
2: Payment should be completed within 3 days upon the auction end.
3:Items are only shipped after payment is received.
4: We usually ship the item within 1~5 business day after received the clear payment. A customer-centered shopping experience has always been our goal and we want you to be completely satisfied with every item that you purchase online from our store. 2. If you are not satisfied with an item that you have purchased from us, you may return the item within 14 days of the order date for a full refund of the purchase price, minus the shipping &amp; handling fees. (Any "Free Shipping" item returned will have the outbound freight charge deducted from the total return.) If need to return, please must follow these instructions: (1) Please check all of the accessories and quality immediately when you received the package; (2) Contact us within three days after You discover a Product Defect (or should have discovered it, if such Product Defect was obvious); (3) Give a detailed explanation of how the damage occurred, and Picture to prove; (4) Return the Products, shipping fee prepaid by buyers. The package need along within it, If not we will not accept the refund and reship. We will reply you immediately when we get it and verified of damage After you had got the orders, Thank you pls give good feedback to us, if you do it, when you do the new order again, we will give some discount for you,Thanks &nbsp;
